1. This assignment takes me about 16 hours in total to write code. The most difficult part for me is to organize different parts in a page and adjust the position. I guess I still have some misunderstanding regarding transform(), top, left, and other syntax about the positioning. Besides, UI design also took  some time to consider and decorate. Since I’m a fresh beginner in web development, I don't think working with html/css is an easy task. It’s difficult to decide whether it is challenging or easy right now, but the most certain thing is that I am really interested in developing websites.
2. To adjust to a mobile friendly page, I set background color and font size for better viewing, and I set width to half for adjusting to the screen. I also used <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0">. Furthermore, I set up different indexes to adjust the 4 pages. I hope I can find a better/quicker way to set all pages with the same method.
3. I take the User Interface design and easy direction into account when designing this website. I hope viewers can clearly see my navigation bar and be easily directed when browsing my website. I hope viewers can have a clear impression when seeing the landing page about my experience and current statement. If there’s anything I will be proud of, I would say the landing page is the one I like the most. Because the color and font are clean and readable, and I have a brief introduction of myself.
4. In the future, I would like to add more detailed projects to my website, as well as detailed working and studying experience. I will have a statement added when I am trying to search for a job or would like to recommend myself to others.
5.  As stated above, I spent 16 hours(or more, I didn’t count time) developing, writing code and searching for problem-solving methods. But I spent more hours on searching for good examples of UI design, color matching, and organizing my projects.
